# IUM-TWEB Project 2023-24

Project carried out by Accornero, Aiello, Bonincontro

## Description of the project

This project aims to create a system for accessing and analyzing football data (datasets from Transfermarkt), aimed at both non-expert fans and industry experts. The system consists of servers implemented in Javascript (Express) and Java Spring Boot, and uses MongoDB for dynamic data and Postgres for static data.

## Main Features

- **Web interface**: Web pages developed with HTML, Javascript and CSS for data consultation and exploration.
- **Central Server**: A central server in Express to handle requests, which communicates with other servers for database access.
- **Chat System**: Chat system between fans and experts via socket.io.
- **Data Analysis**: Large-scale data analysis using Jupyter Notebooks (Python) for specific subsets of data.


## Attention

- **The layout of the web interface was auto-generated by converting from Figma to HTML.**
- **Only the HTML and CSS graphics layout was auto-generated by converting from Figma to HTML.**

This conversion was done using a Figma plugin (Locofy Lightning - Figma to code).
The layout has been subsequently modified and adapted.



## Project Structure

- **Frontend**: HTML, CSS, Javascript
- **Backend**:
  - Javascript (Express)
  - Java Spring Boot
- **Database**:
  - MongoDB 
  - Postgres 
 
 
## Contributors

- Accornero
- Aiello
- Bonincontro

## Contact Information

- Alberto Accornero: [alberto.accornero@edu.unito.it](mailto:alberto.accornero@edu.unito.it)
- Alberto Aiello: [alberto.aiello@edu.unito.it](mailto:alberto.aiello@edu.unito.it)
- Lorenzo Bonincontro: [lorenzo.bonincontro@edu.unito.it](mailto:lorenzo.bonincontro@edu.unito.it)